Michael who is there at the Liberty
Stadium there is Michael good afternoon
to you were thrilled that your journey
is live this afternoon on Sky Sports
News good to see you
why have you chosen now to come back
into football and with Swansea City well
first of all I'm very happy to be and I
never I never came as a player explained
the premise and I had the possibility to
come with was one see that first of all
the second
I think the way they the philosophy they
have here in this club the way they play
the way they did for the for many years
now I think that suits me very well it's
and that has been very very important to
me and then the word I talked to people
from the football world people I know
people I trust and they all talked very
bad very good and highly about this club
and the people around and this I think
is very very important my vision will be
shown later of course this one's my this
is 11th in the debut season in the the
top division that the Premier League
that must have been pressure as well yes
of course the first the first year and
the Premier to do that this it's
incredible fantastic result but I had
some thoughts because I say oh well that
would be very difficult to remain there
to maintain that but I think the
philosophy I talked to the people I said
well what is important for us is what we
continue building us on top of what we
have done the last year we know that it
will be difficult next year to maintain
same low because there's some come some
good teams up from championship this
year but I think when you work like they
have done here for the last years
everything is possible and then all the
thing I just saying over there together
they have made me make that decision to
come here Michael before you went to
Liverpool your predecessor Brendan
Rodgers told me we want to play the game
and
entertain people but we also want to get
results that must be the overall aim for
yourself as you go into this job of
course of course we have to remember the
most important thing in football is the
result to win to get points and if we
analyze a little the the season last
season for for Swansea we can see that
they've done fantastic specially at home
here in Liberty Stadium but we also I
saw that in the first 9 or 10 games away
games last year they didn't win one so
we had to go to Christmas before they
won the first game away so that's some
of the things we have to work with this
season have you talked with the chairman
about maybe improving the scored
bringing in new players the the sport
brutal I think the fans would like to
see guilty citizen join up and it looked
like he was going to but maybe now
Rogers is going to Liverpool and he
might join him there have you heard
anything on this I don't know but I have
heard it as of course it's a special
case because he was here on loan from
from home tonight but yeah he did very
well and that's sometimes the problem
when you have players on low they're
doing good they the world they you have
to buy them if you can't buy them all
the clubs come with with bigger money
that is very difficult to keep them here
so maybe he will leave but I think we
have to try to find replacements people
with who wants to come here and show to
play in the Premier and maybe for less
money because you actually have to think
about the economy as well Michael you we
know of course about your career you
play for the advantage you're one of the
few players who would still be welcomed
by Barcelona fans
Madrid fans because you played for both
of the big two in Spain and of course I
remember you played for Denmark and
torturing Scotland the World Cup Finals
in 1986
so is your is your love for this game of
boot ball still the same as it was all
those years ago
no of course I'd like to practice a kind
of football that I did as a player as
well but as you mentioned before is it's
the most important thing is to win but
we also have to do it in a way that we
we believe in and I always done it in in
in my way and I see that's the reason
why I'm here because I think so what she
chose me
it's chose me because they believe I can
I can I can do that because they know my
philosophy will go along with this and
and I made the same decision so that's
the only thing I can say but we have to
remember there when to win games it's
it's not only of doing playing nicely we
have to score goals we have to win the
games we have clean sheets and all that
that's most important in football as
well
Michael reaches here in Swansea good
luck with the job just to finish with
Denmark are out who do you think will
end up winning Euro 2012 England
definitely on Sunday what about that one
first
well I think that England we need a
group with a great result and I think
they have there more possibilities to go
until the semi final against Italy then
they would have had against Spain but I
have to say still my two favorites for
the title are still Spain and Germany
and which of the two might win it
generally they look very strong they
feel very strong but the potential the
quality in the Spanish side is
incredible when you can have players
sometimes like like silver fàbregas on
the bench then you have a lot of good
players it okay Michael terrific to
speak to you good luck with the job
we've enjoyed having you here is guys
forward so on this page fo you we wish
you well thank thanks a lot